Update config options (#642)
etcd-io/website: content/en/docs/v3.4/op-guide/configuration.md

---

> title: Configuration options

Reviewer: Minor comment, I am not sure whether we need to change `flags` to `options`, because `flag` or `flags` is used in the entire doc.

Author: The reason I thought we should change to `options` because there are three ways we mention for configuration: config flags, config file, and env variables. So, I found options more broader vs flags. I am okay to change it, if you still think so? Thanks!

Reviewer: Sounds good to me.

Author: Thanks for the quick look :) @ahrtr

To start etcd automatically using custom settings at startup in Linux, using a [systemd][systemd-intro] unit is highly recommended.

> The list of flags provided below is for example purposes. It may not be up-to-date. For the latest available flags, run `etcd --help` or refer to the [etcd help][].

Reviewer: We still need to make sure the doc is in sync with the help.go, but there maybe some delay. So I think the flags provided below are still supposed to be a full list instead of examples. WDYT? 

```suggestion
The list of flags provided below may not be up-to-date due to ongoing development changes. For the latest available flags, run `etcd --help` or refer to the [etcd help][].
```

Author: @ahrtr +1 I like the tweak here. Will update. Thanks!
